"Software is eating the world". Marc Andreessen
"All companies are software companies" - Satya Nadella

The best competitive advantage you can give your business is to ship code faster.

How to make sure any team in my org can ship their app to production in 5 minutes?

Give them self servicing systems, in other words, a PaaS.

Let's shop the shelf for PaaS systems.

Heroku, Platform.sh etc.<more logos>

Easy to get started.
Expensive in the long run.
Not customizable beyond a degree.
More expensive to run on your premises.

Build your own.

The majority of people managing infrastructure just want a PaaS.
The only requirement: Is has to be built by them.
- Kelsey Hightower

Kubernetes isn't rocket science, but close to that. Has a steep learning curve.
Running and maintaining Kubernetes(aka Day 2 operations) is hard in the long run.

Enter Shapeblock.
Gives you the best of both worlds.

Sits as an invisible layer between you and your Kubernetes cluster.

Deploy any stack <logos>
PHP, Java, Python, Ruby, Node.js, mariadb, mongodb, elastic    

Works with all major Kubernetes providers <logos>
EKS, AKS, DOKS, GKE, LKE with more on the way.

Plays nice with existing systems <logos>    
Github, Jenkins, Gitlab, Bitbucket, slack, Zapier    

Why shapeblock?

1. best practices baked in
2. scale your apps and monitor them
3. take periodic backups and restore to the last working version on demand
4. give granular user access to different apps
5. best part, your devs needn't know anything about kubernetes.

Offerings

3 types of offerings:

1. 49 USD/month or 499 USD/year - 1 cluster unlimited applications and projects. good fit for small agencies and early stage startups. next business day email support.
2. 99 USD/month or 999 USD/year - unlimited clusters and applications. teams feature. autoscaling. good fit for mid size agencies. next business day email support.
3. 999 USD/month or 9999 USD/year - runs in your premises, can be tailored to run your custom auth, your own user authentication, whitelabelling. suitable for enterprises and medium to large agencies. 8 hours email support. ticketing system with on-call over the shoulders support.

Referral system

Any of the plans above can be tied into a referral system with upto 30% referral fee.

Try shapeblock now.